# **Extra Design Information -- Kyle Sullivan (ksullivan40@gatech.edu)**

##1 Assumptions

* The EZShop mode status and all initialization is handled by the app's Main() method (**not modeled**).
  * The GUI operations will be handled within the Main() method and are not modeled.
  * Coordination between GUI operations and operations within the classes are handled by the Main() method.

* The QRCode generated when the customer card is scanned is in the same format as the QRCode generated when the customer chooses to pay. 
  * A seperate Bill class was removed because it contained the same information already contained in the Customer class.
  * The only difference is that the QRCode generated by the pay() method has the bill's requirements (shopping cart contents and total value) appended to the customer information in the QR code. 
  * The QR code on the customer card has space holders for that information but there is no data withnin the holders. 
  * The CustomerQRCode decode() method recognizes the lack of shopping cart contents and total value in the card's QR Code and then initializes an empty ShoppingCart within the Customer class during the instantiation of that class.

* If a product QR Code has the AB prefix then the ProductQR code decode method sets the Product isAlcbev flag to true.
  * If the Product isAlcBev flag is set to true then the getTotalCost() method will automatically calculate the special tax for that item.

* The QRCodeScanner automatically instantiates the correct implementation of QRCode based on the format of the given QR Code.

* The Shopping Cart applies coupons to products **each time** getTotalValue() is called.
  * The getContents() operation returns a string of products and coupons that can be paresed by the CustomerQRCode encode method to meet the requirements of the bill output.

* The cashier is not modeled because the casher would have a **seperate** application that scans and decode's the customer's output QR Code (the bill) and then displays that information for the cashier on his/her system.

* It is assume there is a utility Money that handles formatting of and all operations concerning money (products and coupons).
